(Yuya)
Previously on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh!
ARC‐V"...
Whoa...
He'’’s toast!
Sander'’’s pushed him too far.
Aagh!
Listen,
I know you're mad,
but you can'’’t let it
control you!
I know that deep in your heart,
you really don'’’t want to fight.
You wrong!
The only way
you'll truly be free
is if you defeat
your enemy Yuya!
Me must destroy Yuya!
Stop!
What doing?
Hey!
Unhand me!
Me take that back!
No laughing!
Paint not funny!
Chill out.
Life'’’s too short
to be grumpy all the time.
There's a whole world of fun
outside your fort,
and your monsters are waiting
for you to join the party!
Colors make me no want to hurt
people anymore.
(Yuya)
Now all our monsters bid
a fond farewell!
Me lose!
Sorry for pain me cause.
Now you can show the world
your true nature.
Curse you, Yuya!
You've tamed my beast
and turned my students
into a bunch of starry‐eyed
turncoats!
I hope you've had time to
realize
that there's only one way to get
through to my father,
and that'’’s with force.
If we are to stop him, we must
bring the fight to him.
Or to me!
Unless you'’’re too scared to have
some fun!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's show time,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
You'’’re going to destroy
Duel Academy?
(chuckles)
How can you, when I'’’m turning
all of you into cards?
Is that Yuya?
Oh, no, you won'’’t!
Alexis, no!
Sora!
The wall!
Oh yeah, right!
Stop gawking like geese
and get outta here!
Like, today!
Uhh!
Riley!
Huh?
Uhh! Uhh!
Hmph!
Look what we have here!
Two traitorous rats
have hit the stage,
one stuck in a cage,
the other will feel my rage.
Looks like it'’’s just
you and me, Lexie.
(sinister laugh)
And guess who did their
homework?
Oh, that'’’s right,
I know all about you.
You faced and defeated every
duelist at Duel Academy
to reach the top of the class.
Story around school was you
could beat the elite
without skipping a beat.
But here'’’s what
you haven'’’t done.
You'’’ve never faced
someone like me.
(manic laughter)
That'’’s not Yuya.
No, he might look like him,
but his name'’’s Yuri
and he'’’s bad news.
Yuri?
Mr. Sakaki, go!
I'’’ll take care of Yuri.
You keep moving!
Find the Professor and stop him!
Now go!
All right,
but please be careful!
(Yuri)
Ta‐ta!
I'll be seeing you.
But first things first.
I need to take down
the cream of the crop,
but that shouldn'’’t be
too challenging.
I wouldn'’’t be
so sure about that.
Yeah, thanks for warning me.
Oh! Check this out.
Look familiar?
An honor deck!
Right you are!
Only the top Duel Academy
students get one,
so naturally, I have one
in my possession.
But I have never, ever dueled
with it before.
I mean, why would I when I have
my Predaplant deck?
But...
You know what?
I'’’ll let you choose which deck
I play.
I don'’’t need a handicap!
Play your usual deck.
Duel me with your Predaplants!
I knew you would say that.
But...
I'’’d rather challenge myself by
winging it!
I'’’m ready when you are.
Let'’’s duel!
Let's duel!
I'’’ll start things off.
First up, I'm activating
the spell
Machine Angel Absolute Ritual!
And then I can Ritual Summon
a monster
by tributing this card here,
my Cyber Tutubon!
Descend from the heavens,
Cyber Angel Natasha!
Aaah!
Since I tributed Cyber Tutubon
in order to Ritual Summon,
I can add a Ritual Spell
from my graveyard to my hand!
So I get my spell Machine Angel
Absolute Ritual back!
And now I activate its second
effect!
So get ready!
All I have to do is
return Cyber Tutubon
to my deck to Ritual Summon
again!
Say hello to Natasha number two!
And my Cyber Angels will make it
even harder for you to beat me
because they infuse
my life points
with half their attack points!
That'’’s it?
I'm supposed to be
shaking in my duel disk
because you gained a measly
1,000 life points?
Yeah, you should be because
Cyber Angel Natasha stops you
from attacking me directly
as long as I have another
Cyber monster on my field.
Since Alexis has
two Cyber Angels
with that special ability,
that means Yuri
can'’’t attack her at all.
Exactly!
And that ends my turn.
Well, that'’’s certainly
not the worst defense
strategy I'’’ve seen.
But unfortunately for you...
you happen to be facing
a tactical genius
extraordinaire!
Hmm. Which card to choose?
Uh, wait.
You'’’re really making this up
as you go?
Mm‐hmm.
But I think...
this card should do nicely.
I'll kick off my turn
by activating
the spell card
Ancient Gear Fortress.
Hmm, hmm.
What next?
I guess I'’’ll try out
Ancient Gear Catapult.
Voila!
Now let me see,
what does this card do?
When I have no monsters,
this Ancient Gear Catapult
destroys one card on my field.
Then I guess it's good‐bye
to my Ancient Gear Fortress.
Talk about stepping
on your own toes!
That'’’s what this wing nut gets
for trying to wing it.
Actually, I knew exactly
what I was doing.
Because when Ancient Gear
Catapult destroys a card,
I'’’m allowed to summon
Ancient Gear Gadget.
La‐di‐da‐da‐da.
Like so!
And by intentionally destroying
my Ancient Gear Fortress,
I can summon this card directly
from my hand,
Ancient Gear Wyvern!
Ancient Gear Wyvern
lets me draw
another Ancient Gear
from my deck.
Whoa! That'’’s pretty nice!
I certainly am glad
that I played this!
It'’’s like I'’’m getting two cards
for the price of one!
What to choose?
There's so many.
Hmm.
Decisions, decisions!
You know, why don't I just
grab one at random!
At random?
He can'’’t be serious!
Yes!
I'm going for it!
Hmm.
(chuckles)
Looks like I drew a doozy!
Now I just have to figure out
how to summon it.
Oh, wait, I know.
I'm allowed to treat
Ancient Gear Gadget
as another Gadget monster.
So what do you say I turn
it into Red Gadget!
And then I tribute Red Gadget
and Ancient Gear Wyvern to
summon the monster...
that I just got!
(gasp)
Say hello to Ancient Gear
Reactor Dragon!
For someone who's
making it up as he goes,
I'’’d say I'’’m acing
this turn!
What a snake!
Yuri isn'’’t making it up
as he goes along!
He knows that deck inside out!
Ready, Lexie?
Reactor Dragon,
attack Natasha!
Did you forget something?
Natasha'’’s special abilities
stop you from attacking me!
Oh! That'’’s not good!
But it seems that when Ancient
Gear Reactor Dragon attacks,
your monsters can'’’t use their
special abilities.
So it appears that
I can attack after all,
and attack you I shall!
(sighs)
And wait, there'’’s more,
so much more.
Since I used an Ancient Gear
monster to summon it,
my Reactor Dragon can
deal you damage
even when your monster is in
defense mode.
This deck is simply amazing!
I mastered this deck
on my very first try.
Am I a genius or what?
(grunts)
I accept that grunt as your
confirmation of my genius.
Now, since I tributed
a Gadget to summon my Dragon,
my Dragon can attack twice
in a single turn.
Oh, but you know that
already, right?
I forgot you were one of the
brightest cadets here
before your betrayal.
Of course, you know what
the punishment is
for deserters like you.
It'’’s permanent expulsion!
Aah!
Uhh!
Of all the terrible luck!
If I only had one more attack,
I could'’’ve beaten you.
But come to think of it,
maybe that'’’s not the worst thing
in the world.
I do enjoy tormenting you so,
but I am on the clock.
So make your moves
quick, dear.
The faster we finish this,
the sooner I can catch up with
the rest of your friends.
Hurry up now!
Make it snappy!
I'’’m coming, Zuzu!
Hey, pal!
Hold up.
A friend of mine'’’s being held
prisoner here.
She'’’s got pink hair.
Name's Zuzu.
You know where she might be?
Poor, poor Alexis.
Try as you might to defeat me,
it'’’s all for naught.
In the end,
I'll just be adding you
to my ever growing card
collection.
You sure do like the sound
of your own voice.
It'’’s time for me
to silence it!
Now I... draw!
I activate Natasha'’’s special
ability from my graveyard.
I banish one Natasha so that I
can resurrect the other one!
Plus...
I gain control of your Ancient
Gear Reactor Dragon!
You did what?
All right! Now Yuri'’’s gonna get
a taste of his own medicine!
No way!
Luring cadets away from
Duel Academy is bad enough,
but now you'’’re snatching
our monsters away, too?
How do you think I felt
when you turned my friends
into cards!?
Maybe now you'll understand
what it's like
to lose something
important to you.
Something important to you?
I activate Natasha'’’s
special ability!
I regain life points equal to
half my monster's attack points.
So, it looks like your
Reactor Dragon's
gonna be helping me
instead of you!
And Reactor Dragon
will help even more
because it can attack
twice in one turn!
Dealing enough damage
to beat Yuri!
Time to bring this duel
to a close!
Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon,
attack Yuri‐‐
I don't think so, Lexie.
For you see, I'm activating
the trap card
Unfinished Ancient Gear!
This precious little trap card
allows me summon Ancient Gear
Golem in defense mode
to intercept and block
Reactor Dragon'’’s attack.
Unfortunately, Gear Golem's
attack and defense points
will be cut in half.
It is unfortunate.
Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon,
disassemble that Gear Golem.
You aren'’’t disassembling
anything!
When I use Unfinished Ancient
Gear to summon a monster,
it can'’’t be destroyed
this turn!
But you'’’re still
gonna take damage!
Uhh!
And now, my Reactor Dragon
can attack you again!
Aah!
Outstanding move.
But I still haven'’’t played
my key card yet.
If you mean Polymerization,
forget it!
Huh?
Looks like I hit
the bull'’’s eye.
But it wasn'’’t that hard
to figure out.
Everyone knows that Duel Academy
plus Fusion Dimension
equals summoning monsters
with Polymerization.
But I'’’m gonna put
the kibosh to that
and defeat you
and Duel Academy
so that you'’’ll never turn any
of my friends into cards again!
So if this card
is your key to victory,
I'’’ll make sure
you never use it!
I'’’m sending this Polymerization
to the graveyard.
That lets me activate the spell
Fusion Destruction!
Fusion Destruction?
It lets me banish
three Polymerization cards
from your deck,
and you take 300 points of
damage for each one.
So not only do your
life points take a hit,
but you can'’’t fuse your
monsters together anymore.
Oh! This is madness!
You haven't played
Polymerization in this duel yet,
so that means all three copies
are still in your deck.
And now, I'’’m getting rid of...
all three of them!
And that means you'’’re about to
take 900 points of damage.
Uhh!
Oh, Yuri,
it'’’s your turn again.
My, my, Lexie, I never knew you
were so heartless.
First you take my monster.
Then you take my
Polymerization cards.
That'’’s nothing compared
to what you did.
You turned my closest friends
into cards.
You did it without
even blinking.
You and Duel Academy
took them all away.
But there's one thing
that Duel Academy
could never
take from me, Yuri.
And what'’’s that, Lexie?
They could never
take away my hope.
Well, there'’’s no hope for me.
I'’’ve done too many... things.
But you'’’re wrong.
It'’’s never too late.
You have to believe
what I'’’m saying, Yuri.
I...
You can walk away from here,
just like I did.
And you'’’ll be free!
Walk away?
From Duel Academy?
But I'’’m a champion here.
And this place is the only
home I'’’ve ever known.
The only home I'’’ve ever known?
I'’’ve never thought
about that.
I'’’ve been here all my life,
groomed to be the best.
But with every win, I felt like
I lost a friend.
Until one day I realized I was
all alone,
always looking on from
the outside.
Never part of the crowd.
But that'’’s when the Professor
showed me the way.
He was the only one who
appreciated my talent.
My talent to... hurt people.
He used me.
How could I have been
so blind?
What have I done?
I regret falling for his lies.
He ruined my life.
And now it'’’s too late!
But, Yuri,
you might think
it's too late,
but I know you can change,
believe me.
Because once you realize your
mistakes and hit rock bottom,
there'’’s only one way to go
and that'’’s up.
Up?
I'’’ve got a better idea, Lexie.
Why don'’’t I drag you
all the way down with me!
Now that our little chit chat'’’s
all done, let'’’s continue!
This Ancient Gear Workshop
will get me primed
and back into gear!
The spell allows me to return
one Ancient Gear in my graveyard
back to my hand.
I retrieve Ancient Gear Wyvern
and then summon it!
And like before,
summoning Wyvern means
I can add another Ancient Gear
to my hand from my deck.
And I know the perfect card
to choose.
Just like me, this Ancient Gear
Box is full of surprises!
By sending it to the graveyard,
I can activate a spell...
Super Polymerization!
Super Polymerization?
But that'’’s impossible.
Honor decks shouldn'’’t
have that card!
(laughing)
My deck does because I added
Super Polymerization to it!
You didn't really think
I'd rush into a duel blindly
with a deck I hadn'’’t prepared
ahead of time, did you?
Oh, wait!
You actually did!
(manic laughter)
You are so gullible!
So all along,
you were lying to me.
Don'’’t think of it as lying,
Lexie,
I was just bending
the truth a widdle bit!
This battle is over!
I use Super Polymerization to
fuse a monster
that'’’s on my field with a
monster that is on yours!
Oh, no!
You took something
that belongs to me,
and now I'’’m going
to take it back.
Hold on!
My Fusion Destruction
shouldn't let you
activate any
Polymerization spells.
True, but that's why this card
is Super Polymerization!
Your pathetic little spell
can'’’t affect it!
Shocking, isn'’’t it?
Now watch and weep as I fuse my
mighty Ancient Gear Golem,
Ancient Gear Wyvern, and Ancient
Gear Reactor Dragon!
Using my superior skills,
I'll unite all the wisdom and
savagery of past ages
into a brutal behemoth!
I Fusion Summon!
Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem!
There'’’s no way
I can stop that thing.
(sinister laugh)
I must admit,
I'’’m almost sorry I have
to turn you into a card.
Almost.
I thought you could change,
but I was wrong.
(laughs)
So sorry to disappoint.
Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem,
flatten Cyber Angel Natasha!
And eliminate the rest of
Lexie'’’s life points!
Aah!
You said that there was hope
for me, Alexis.
But you couldn'’’t
have been more wrong.
I'’’ll never change because
I'’’m perfect just the way I am!
The Professor was so right
to pick me out of everyone
to do his bidding.
With the power I possess,
all will fall to me.
All will be turned into cards
until there is no more threat!
It'’’s over.
Ya think?
(sinister laugh)
(groans)
(Yuri)
One down, one to go.
Oh, Sora.
You'’’re up next.
(rumbling)
The gate's rising!
You'’’re not as dumb
as you look.
My Duel Disk is programmed to
control the security system.
I could have opened those bars
during my duel with Alexis.
But then again...
I prefer to card my victims
one at a time.
(sinister laugh)
You'’’re sick!
Maybe so, but you're the one
who'’’s going to be in critical
condition soon!
That way.
They'’’re holding Zuzu
up there in the lab.
Thank you!
Zuzu!